feat(flutter): dev-preview (#4450)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/auth/flutter/credential_storage/10_credential_storage.mdx

<BlockSwitcher>

<Block name="Stable (Mobile)">

Amplify Flutter uses the underlying storage mechanisms used by amplify-android and amplify-ios on their respective platforms, and does not offer customization.

</Block>

<Block name="Developer Preview (Mobile, Web & Desktop)">

Amplify Flutter's developer preview for web and desktop support offers a `SecureStorageInterface` interface which can be used to customize how authentication related information is stored on each supported platform. An instance of this interface can be passed into the `AmplifyAuthCognito` constructor.

> An implementation of the `SecureStorageInterface` can be used directly if you'd like to control underlying methods such as `read` and `write`. If you want to define configuration values only, you can use the `AmplifySecureStorage` class.

Reviewer: This read a bit confusing to me

```suggestion
Some options can be configured directly with `AmplifySecureStorage` while still using the native platform storage mechanisms. If you need further control over the underlying  such as `read` and `write`, create a class which implements `SecureStorageInterface` and pass that instead.
```

> For example, the `AmplifyAuthCognito` plugin uses IndexedDB to persist tokens and credentials, so that this data remains available when the user refreshes or closes their browser. If you'd like to only persist these values in memory, you can change the persistence option for web:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `AmplifyAuthCognito` plugin uses IndexedDB to persist tokens and credentials on web so that this data remains available when the user refreshes or closes their browser. If you'd like to only persist these values in memory, you can change the persistence option like so:
```
